Majors
With over 140 majors to choose from, our undergraduates can easily find areas of study that align with their interests, academic skills and personal goals. Whether you land on something new or familiar, you’re sure to be excited by the many ways your future can begin to take shape.

Following is a list of all of the majors offered for undergraduates at UCLA. Most majors fall within the College of Letters and Science, but there are many in the professional schools, too. Let your curiosity lead the way as you explore your options and remember, there’s more than one path you can follow to end up with a successful and fulfilling career. 

Jump to:

The College majors
School of the Arts and Architecture majors
Samueli School of Engineering majors
Herb Alpert School of Music majors
School of Nursing majors
Luskin School of Public Affairs majors
School of Theater, Film and Television majors
School of Education & Information Studies majors
Fielding School of Public Health
The College
The College brings together perspectives from many liberal arts fields to analyze issues, pose questions and train students to think and write creatively as well as critically. Students then concentrate on a particular field in depth. More than 100 majors are offered within four academic divisions: Humanities, Life Sciences, Physical Sciences and Social Sciences.

Applicants to the College will be asked to select a major of choice, although if you’re undecided, you can apply with an “undecided/undeclared” status.

African American Studies (B.A.)

African and Middle Eastern Studies (B.A.) [1]

American Indian Studies (B.A.)

American Literature and Culture (B.A.)

Ancient Near East and Egyptology (B.A.)

Anthropology (B.A.)

Anthropology (B.S.)

Arabic (B.A.)

Art History (B.A.)

Asian American Studies (B.A.)

Asian Humanities (B.A.)

Asian Languages and Linguistics (B.A.)

Asian Religions (B.A.)

Asian Studies (B.A.) [1]

Astrophysics (B.S.)

Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences (B.S.)

Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences/Mathematics (B.S.)

Biochemistry (B.S.)

Biology (B.S.) [2]

Biophysics (B.S.)

Business Economics (B.A.) [1,2,3]

Central and East European Languages and Cultures (B.A.)

Chemistry (B.S.)

Chemistry/Materials Science (B.S.)

Chicana and Chicano Studies (B.A.)

Chinese (B.A.)

Classical Civilization (B.A.)

Climate Science (B.S.)

Cognitive Science (B.S.) [1]

Communication (B.A.) [2,4]

Comparative Literature (B.A.)

Computational Biology (B.S.) [1]

Data Theory (B.S.) [1]

Disability Studies (B.A.) new

Earth and Environmental Science (B.A.)

Ecology, Behavior, and Evolution (B.S.) [2]

Economics (B.A.) [1,2,3]

English (B.A.) [2]

Environmental Science (B.S.)

European Language and Transcultural Studies (B.A.)

European Languages and Transcultural Studies with French and Francophone (B.A.)

European Languages and Transcultural Studies with German (B.A.)

European Languages and Transcultural Studies with Italian (B.A.)

European Languages and Transcultural Studies with Scandinavian (B.A.)

European Studies (B.A.) [1]

Gender Studies (B.A.)

Geography (B.A.)

Geography/Environmental Studies (B.A.)

Geology (B.S.)

Geology/Engineering Geology (B.S.)

Geophysics (B.S.)

Global Studies (B.A.) [1,2]

Greek (B.A.)

Greek and Latin (B.A.)

History (B.A.) [1]

Human Biology and Society (B.A.) [1]

Human Biology and Society (B.S.) [1,2]

International Development Studies (B.A.) [1,2]

Iranian Studies (B.A.)

Japanese (B.A.)

Jewish Studies (B.A.)

Korean (B.A.)

Labor Studies (B.A.)

Latin (B.A.)

Latin American Studies (B.A.) [1]

Linguistics (B.A.)

Linguistics and Anthropology (B.A.)

Linguistics and Asian Languages and Cultures (B.A.)

Linguistics and Computer Science (B.A.)

Linguistics and English (B.A.)

Linguistics and Philosophy (B.A.)

Linguistics and Psychology (B.A.)

Linguistics and Spanish (B.A.)

Linguistics, Applied (B.A.)

Marine Biology (B.S.) [2]

Mathematics (B.S.) [1]

Mathematics, Applied (B.S.) [1]

Mathematics/Applied Science (B.S.) [1]

Mathematics/Economics (B.S.) [2]

Mathematics, Financial Actuarial (B.S) [2]

Mathematics for Teaching (B.S.) [1]

Mathematics of Computation (B.S.) [1]

Microbiology, Immunology, and Molecular Genetics (B.S.) [1,2]

Middle Eastern Studies (B.A.)

Molecular, Cell, and Developmental Biology (B.S.) [2]

Neuroscience (B.S.) [2]

Nordic Studies (B.A.) 

Philosophy (B.A.)

Physics (B.A.) [5]

Physics (B.S.)

Physiological Science (B.S.) [2]

Political Science (B.A.) [1,2]

Portuguese and Brazilian Studies (B.A.)

Psychobiology (B.S.) [1,2]

Psychology (B.A.) [1,2]

Religion, Study of (B.A.)

Russian Language and Literature (B.A.)

Russian Studies (B.A.)

Sociology (B.A.) [1,2]

Southeast Asian Studies (B.A.)

Spanish (B.A.)

Spanish and Community and Culture (B.A.)

Spanish and Linguistics (B.A.)

Spanish and Portuguese (B.A.)

Statistics and Data Science (B.S.) [1] new

Individual Field of Concentration (B.A./ B.S.) [5]

Undeclared [6]

Humanities
Life Sciences
Physical Sciences
Social Sciences
1. Applicants are admitted to pre-major status until prerequisites are satisfactorily completed.
2. Transfer applicants should note that demand for this major significantly exceeds space available at the transfer level.
3. Transfer students who are admitted to a major outside the Department of Economics are not permitted to transfer into one of the economics majors.
4. Open to junior level applicants only (60 semester/90 quarter units completed by transfer).
5. Not open to entering students.
6. Only first-year level applicants may apply as undeclared.

School of the Arts and Architecture
The School of the Arts and Architecture is a highly regarded center for creative expression and research. The curriculum combines practical training in visual and performing mediums with a broad-based liberal arts education. Students enjoy a variety of opportunities to perform and exhibit on campus, and faculty that includes renowned visual artists and performers.

Applications to the School of Arts and Architecture are limited to the fall quarter and are reviewed for admission by the department to which you apply. This review includes a supplementary application process which, depending on the major, includes a portfolio review or an audition. Transfer applicants must complete lower-division preparation coursework specific to their intended majors.

Architectural Studies (B.A.)

Art (B.A.)

Dance (B.A.)

Design | Media Arts (B.A.)

World Arts and Cultures (B.A.)

Individual Field of Concentration in the Arts and Architecture (B.A.) *

* Not open to entering students

Samueli School of Engineering
The Samueli School of Engineering ranks among the top 10 engineering schools in the country. The school’s seven departments are structured to align with traditional specialties in the engineering profession. Undergraduate programs prepare students for immediate professional careers as well as for advanced studies in engineering or other fields.

Applications to the School of Engineering are reviewed for admission by the School. Transfer applicants must complete lower-division preparation coursework specific to their intended majors.

Aerospace Engineering (B.S.)

Bioengineering (B.S.)

Chemical Engineering (B.S.)

Civil Engineering (B.S.)

Computer Engineering (B.S.) new

Computer Science (B.S.)

Computer Science and Engineering (B.S.)

Electrical Engineering (B.S.)

Materials Engineering (B.S.)

Mechanical Engineering (B.S.)

Undeclared — Engineering and Applied Science (open to first-year applicants only)

Herb Alpert School of Music
Established in 2016, the Herb Alpert School of Music is already recognized among the very best schools of music. The school offers majors formerly housed in the School of the Arts and in the College. Among its unique features, the School of Music offers a bachelor’s degree in music education together with a teaching certificate, as well as a master’s program in jazz that presents students with the opportunity to study with legends such as Herbie Hancock and Wayne Shorter at the Herbie Hancock Institute of Jazz Performance at UCLA.

Applications to the Herb Alpert School of Music are limited to the fall quarter and are reviewed for admission by the department to which you apply. This review includes a supplementary application process which, depending on the major, includes a portfolio review or an audition. Transfer applicants must complete lower-division preparation coursework specific to their intended majors.

Ethnomusicology (B.A.)

Global Jazz Studies (B.A.)

Musicology (B.A.)

Music Composition (B.A.)

Music Education (B.A.)

Music Industry (B.A.) new

Music Performance (B.M.)

School of Nursing
The UCLA School of Nursing is ranked in the top 10 nationally and is internationally renowned for faculty research and publications. The prelicensure major is open to first-years and a limited number of junior transfer applicants. Transfers must complete the necessary preparation for the major.

Applications to the School of Nursing are limited to the fall quarter, and are reviewed for admission by the department.

Nursing - Prelicensure (B.S.)

Luskin School of Public Affairs
The Luskin School of Public Affairs consists of three departments: Public Policy, Social Welfare and Urban Planning. The school offers one undergraduate major, three undergraduate minors, three master’s degrees, and two doctoral degrees.

The B.A. in Public Affairs gives students an in-depth and engaged educational experience with a clear public service ethos. Centered around a multidisciplinary foundation in the social sciences, this major puts an applied emphasis on knowledge and methods for improving society. It includes a required experiential learning capstone in the senior year, which connects the dots between theory and action.

Interested first-years can select the pre-major through the College. All admitted first-year pre-majors must apply for admission to the Luskin School of Public Affairs during the winter quarter of their sophomore year.

Public Affairs (B.A.)

School of Theater, Film and Television
One of the leading programs of its kind in the world, the School of Theater, Film and Television is unique in that it formally recognizes the close relationship among these media. From study of the ancient origins of traditional theater to avant-garde video and technologically advanced stage and film production, students develop analytic skills while acquiring applied knowledge and experience in their chosen fields.

Applications are limited to the fall quarter and are reviewed for admission by the department to which you apply. For Theater majors, this review may include an audition. Transfer applicants must complete lower-division preparation coursework specific to their intended majors.

Note: Due to recent changes to the Department of Theater curriculum, it is impossible for Theater majors to change their major to Film and Television at the end of the sophomore year.

Film and Television (B.A.)

Theater (B.A.) 

Individual Field of Concentration in Theater, Film and Television (B.A.) [1]

1. Not open to entering students.

School of Education and Information Studies
The School of Education and Information Studies is reframing conversations on education and information studies from theory to practice. The UCLA Department of Education has been named the number one graduate school of education in the nation by U.S. News & World Report. The Department is known as a leader in the study of urban education and the development and support of teachers and school leaders strongly committed to social justice.

The new B.A. in Education and Social Transformation prepares students to analyze current issues in education through a social justice lens and to emerge as effective advocates for positive change.

Students entering UCLA as first-year students as well as first-term transfer students who indicate Education and Social Transformation as their first-choice major on the general UC Application will be admitted as pre-majors. After completion of the lower-division prerequisites and 45 lower-division units, they may apply for admission to the major online.

Transfer applicants interested in the Education and Social Transformation major must meet the transfer preparation requirements and are admitted to the pre-major status.

Education and Social Transformation (B.A.)

Fielding School of Public Health
The Fielding School of Public Health is ranked a top ten school of public health by U.S. News and World Report. The school aims to build health and equity and to drive positive change for all people.

In addition to gaining specialized knowledge in areas such as global health, population and reproductive health, environmental health, and health care management and leadership, students also have access to a wide range of local and global hands-on training opportunities that provide the skills needed to move public health evidence to action.

Admission to both majors is competitive and will be based on progress towards completing the preparation coursework, grades, extracurricular activities, and your personal statements. All admitted first-year pre-majors must apply for admission in their second year of enrollment at UCLA.

The B.A. and B.S. differ in the amount of science preparatory coursework required. B.A. students complete lower-division, introductory courses in life science, chemistry and statistics. B.S. students must complete the Life Sciences Core, which includes one to two years of coursework in the life sciences, mathematics, chemistry and physics.

Public Health (B.A.) new

Public Health (B.S.) new